The whole night I dreamt like the one who was left only brave in this giant world. Some dreams I remembered with full enmotion that I will never loose and I could sacrifice my everything even my for her. The ultimate mother of mine: The Bharat Mata.

I woke up that day with a kind of energy which  wuold go out of calculation of phisics. I came in the front of the miror with my proud looking face and full pressed fitting uniform of an Army man.

On duty I said to Colonel Tyagi Khan, "Jai Hind Sir". He said "At Ease". He knew me form before as we were friends in school when I was in class 4 and he was in class 10. We had a very long conversation with him. I remembered something I talked. I said, "I have no any fear of death rather I could go anywhere alone. He said, "okey". If the death is database which has the list of all the lifes then I am a hacker who deleted my record.

As the day passed the news were getting bad on India-Chine border. Now my these boasting dialogues were not coming out from the heart but encourage to them who listened it from me.

We reached their, we were having rest. I heard a sound of graned which a my big fire. We were ready with or all our rifles, granedes, bullets, jacketeg helmet shoes and many more things. Atmosphere was filled with bullets and its sound. The air between we and our enemy was trying to say something but we wery busy. I came behind the sack started firing, I would have helped the death by reducing his 5th of works. I had not thought that my words my my of boasting had encouraged friends so much that one of them went away from the sack and killed many. I was thinking that now his bullets wey were running out but he was unawere of it. The world stopped for me I feeled the fear of death. he fell in my sacking arms which transfered almost all his courage in my arms. I woke up with two rifles and killed 100s of them. Now they were not like jungle rather left like a crushed field. I was relaxed. I saw a deadly bullet coming toward me. I couldn't process, and I tried sitting down with a very great speed of a missile. And everthing which I had told to sacrifice got black..!!!

Suddenly, I had the power to listen, I could feel, I thougth that I am ghost now. I heard "From three years he didn't woke up, now no chance". "No doctor!", someone said. I rememberd that this was the voice of my wife. I processed these information and knew that I was comma. After few hours I had open my eyes but couldn't but could now speak to call anyone.

I understood that I was a successful HACKER.