Madan a very Intelligent boy of his school he didn't like the education system so for. And wanted to change it from its base to tip. He knew it very well that if he had to change it then he must go to sky from this wrong way only. He also knew it once if someone to sky then their is no place to sit there. So, if he and stops, then it will be of no use. He accelareted his speed of sucess at a very entreame that after college only in 1 year. He was ranked 1<sup>st</sup> in UPSE. But this was not the glory of success. It was just 1% of his way to his goal. Now it was not appearing so blur rather clear like glass crystal to become a prime minister of India Madan. But as he had not tested the depression of loosing single times. Therefore everyday he went educated people who could eat the part of cake which was being eaten by Madan. Many refused and he was constantly facing the faliure. It seemed that the fate hay become his enemy by giving all the flops of his life at once.

Madan was so dipressed that for a while he thought life of a currupt I.A.S officer is much more better that that of than Mother Teresa.

There was another boy studling in class 10 in Latehar in a well affiliated school. He was mini me of I.A.S. Madan. His aim was so a clear as a glass crystal. After the board exam result & came with percentage 99.9%. the newspapers of whole Jharkhand were full of his name and photo. Yet the fate was playing a game of winning on loosing and unfortunately the next day newspaper was having 50% more selling with healdine,"Raghu, one who scored 99.9%. He comitted suicide". He had a  suicide note composed of almost 3 pages of eulogy of the present education system. All that student in country had made Raghu the Bhagat Singh. The Government current had to completely transform the education system, according to all the points given in suicide netes. 

And this was the day when Madan a top ranked IAS officer with head of his the commitee got the work. Which was his final aim.

After 10 years the suicide rate of students in India was decreased to 90% of before.
